docs: update readme (#443)
open-feature/java-sdk-contrib: providers/flagd/README.md

| host                  | FLAGD_HOST                     | String                 | localhost | remote & in-process |
| port                  | FLAGD_PORT                     | int                    | 8013      | remote & in-process |
| tls                   | FLAGD_TLS                      | boolean                | false     | remote & in-process |
| socketPath            | FLAGD_SOCKET_PATH              | String                 | null      | remote & in-process |
| certPath              | FLAGD_SERVER_CERT_PATH         | String                 | null      | remote & in-process |
| deadline              | FLAGD_DEADLINE_MS              | int                    | 500       | remote & in-process |
| cache                 | FLAGD_CACHE                    | String - lru, disabled | lru       | remote              |
| maxCacheSize          | FLAGD_MAX_CACHE_SIZE           | int                    | 1000      | remote              |
| maxEventStreamRetries | FLAGD_MAX_EVENT_STREAM_RETRIES | int                    | 5         | remote              |
| retryBackoffMs        | FLAGD_RETRY_BACKOFF_MS         | int                    | 1000      | remote              |

> [!NOTE]  

> > Some configurations are only applicable for RPC resolver.

Reviewer: The table refers to this as `remote`. We should use the same terminology throughout the doc.

Author: Ya I'll update to RPC.

### Deadline (gRPC call timeout)

> The deadline for an individual flag evaluation can be configured by calling `setDeadline(myDeadlineMillis)`.

Reviewer: Why did you make this change?

Author: I've never liked the `< xxx >` style. It always looked awkward to me. I'm of the opinion that using an imaginary but well-named var is clearer (usually using `my`).

If the gRPC call is not completed within this deadline, the gRPC call is terminated with the error `DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`
and the evaluation will default.
The default deadline is 500ms, though evaluations typically take on the order of 10ms.
For the in-process provider, the deadline is used when establishing the initial streaming connection.
A failure to connect within this timeout will result an [error event](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/events#provider_error) from the provider, though it will attempt to reconnect indefinitely.

### TLS

> Though likely unnecessary in deployments where flagd runs on the same host as the workload, TLS is available.

Reviewer: Perhaps we should reverse this statement and say something like `TLS is available in situations where flagd is running on another host`. Adding a code snippet would be nice as well.

Author: I guess the issue I have with that wording is that it's available in the case when flagd is running on the same host as well... it's just a bit silly to use it there...

Maybe I'm being too pedantic though.

Author: I added this phrasing, added a code snippet, and also mentioned that you can use a x509 cert in pem format.

### Deadline (gRPC call timeout)

The deadline for an individual flag evaluation can be configured by calling `setDeadline(myDeadlineMillis)`.
If the gRPC call is not completed within this deadline, the gRPC call is terminated with the error `DEADLINE_EXCEEDED`
and the evaluation will default.
The default deadline is 500ms, though evaluations typically take on the order of 10ms.
For the in-process provider, the deadline is used when establishing the initial streaming connection.
A failure to connect within this timeout will result an [error event](https://openfeature.dev/docs/reference/concepts/events#provider_error) from the provider, though it will attempt to reconnect indefinitely.

### TLS

TLS is available in situations where flagd is running on another host.

> You may optionally supply a X.509 certificate in PEM format, otherwise default certificate store will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may optionally supply an X.509 certificate in PEM format. Otherwise, the default certificate store will be used.
```

By default, the provider is configured to
use [least recently used (lru)](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-collections/apidocs/org/apache/commons/collections4/map/LRUMap.html)
caching with up to 1000 entries.

> ### OpenTelemetry support

Reviewer: This is only affect RPC?

Author: Uhh that's a good question but I'm not really sure.

I'm not sure what auto-instrumentation would be applicable in-process... cc @Kavindu-Dodan

Reviewer 2: Yes. Right now this is only applicable for the RPC version. Trace for the gRPC sync stream don't make sense as we have long-running stream connections. And flag evaluation metrics can be easily collected from the metrics hook.

Author: I mention this is RPC only now.

By default, the provider is configured to
use [least recently used (lru)](https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-collections/apidocs/org/apache/commons/collections4/map/LRUMap.html)
caching with up to 1000 entries.

> ### OpenTelemetry support

Author: ```suggestion
### OpenTelemetry support (RPC only)
```
